Add tooling documentation for Tools.Common, StaticAnalysis, and CI Filter (#9943)
Azure/azure-powershell: documentation/tooling/ci-filter.md

## CI Filter

> ### What is the CI Filter?

Reviewer: Thanks, I didn't even think about this, but this is important to know.

The CI filter is a set of tooling that looks at the files changed in a pull request and makes decisions about what processes should occurr during the pull request's CI. These decisions include the following:

- Which projects to build
- Which tests to run
- Which modules to generate help for
- Which modules to run static analysis on

> This filtering allows for faster build times as we are no longer building _every_ project, running _every_ test, generating _all_ help and running static analysis on _everything_, but rather only on the services that are being updated in the pull request and what they are dependent on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This filtering allows for faster build times as we are no longer building _every_ project, running _every_ test, generating _all_ help and running static analysis on _everything_, but rather only on the services that are being updated in the pull request and the services that depend on them.
```
